they've been waiting for months for an
end to the war in Gaza and this is the
moment the Learned Hamas has agreed to a
ceas fire proposal but the celebrations
didn't last long Israeli war planes
struck areas in Easter Rafa the war
cabinet convened and unanimously decided
to go ahead with the ra military
operation
we want peace and love freedom and
Justice we want to live in our land in
peace and security God willing the wish
will come true and we return to Gaza
City people of Gaza have gone through 7
months of Devastation of genocide
thousands have been killed children
women it's time for a break it's time
for an end to all this madness they have
suffered
enough it was an evening of many
dramatic developments the leader of
Hamas political Bureau SM hania said his
group has accepted a ceasefire deal that
includes three phases of 42 days
each the deal proposed by the key
mediators Qatar and Egypt will also pave
the way to an exchange of Israeli
captives and Palestinian Prisoners the
complete withdrawal of Israeli troops
from Gaza as well as allowing displaced
Palestinians to return to the northern
part of the trip the Israeli government
said the proposal was far from its
requirements we examine every response
seriously and we exploit all
opportunities in the negotiations to
bring back the captives because this is
a primary mission for us in parallel we
continue our operations in Gaza and we
will continue doing so Israel said it
was sending a delegation to Cairo to
negotiate an agreement that answers its
key demands previous negotiation efforts
stalled in the past few months over
growing differences between Hamas and
Israel on the terms of the deal as the
impass deepened Kat warned it may
reassess its rule as a mediator the gulf
Nation played a crucial role in putting
together the only ceasefire agreement
between Hamas and Israel last November
but the deal was
[Music]
shortlived for those who took to the
street celebrating what they thought was
an end to the war they may have to wait
for any indication that 7 months of
suffering death and destruction May
finally come to an end hash Al
jaaz make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer